---
title: Research
---

## Real-time fMRI, Neurofeedback & Stress
I recently got interested in how the self-regulation of brain networks by
functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) neurofeedback can be
methodologically further advanced and utilised as a therapeutic measure for
mental disorders. In my current position as a postdoctoral researcher in the
Cognitive Affective Neuroscience lab of Erno Hermans at the Donders Institute
for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, I am investigating how to capture shifts
in large-scale brain network blance in real-time for developing neurofeedback
training interventions to increase stress resilience.

Before that, I worked on the European BRAINTRAIN project as a postdoctoral
researcher for Rainer Goebel at Brain Innovation B.V. and Maastricht University
in Maastricht, The Netherlands, where I was investigating how the
self-regulation of brain networks by (combined) Electroencephalography (EEG)
and functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) neurofeedback can be
methodologically further advanced and utilised as a therapeutic measure for
mental disorders. For instance, we recently investigated the effect of varying
the visual presentation of a neural feedback signal on individuals'
self-regulation success. In another project, we implemented a simple real-time
functional connectivity measure (partial correlation) and explored the
feasibility of using this as a neurofeedback signal during a visual motion
task.

## Embodied Numerical Cognition
I did my PhD at the Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour at
Radboud University in Nijmegen, The Netherlands, as part of the Action and
Neurocognition group of Harold Bekkering as well as the Intention and Action
group of Ivan Toni, and in collaboration with Oliver Lindemann from the Potsdam
Embodied Cognition Group. During this time I got concerned with the question of
how former sensorimotor experiences shape our cognition and how differences in
these experiences can lead to individual traits in cognitive functions. For
instance, my research in the fields of embodied cognition and numerical
cognition focuses on the neurocognitive representation of numerical magnitude
and the question of whether numerical concepts are "grounded" in former
sensorimotor experiences with size in everyday life. I address these issues by
investigating human adults and children, using an integrated empirical approach
which combines a variety of behavioural measures (e.g. reaction time,
kinematics) as well as neuroimaging techniques (e.g. functional Magnetic
Ressonance Imaging, Voxel-Based Morphometry).
